this is Brian Burnett 4 before you buy
and today I'm introducing the very cool
with a k' s 5:05 and we spelled cool
with a k' you know you're getting some
serious fun a little background for
those of you new to very cool like
myself before I did this review is that
very cool is a company that provides
unlocked hardware at pretty competitive
prices and it's headquartered in San
Diego California at a glance the s 505
looks and feels very similar to a
Samsung s3 if you've ever played with
one of those and the specs are very near
the same and it shares the same slippery
plastic feel despite the very scary
background the 1280 by 720 screen looks
good and sharp but doesn't get very
bright flipping from the home screen to
the apps feels pretty snappy but when
loading a game or more intensive a hat
the S 505 can feel a bit sluggish which
is probably due to the one gigabyte of
RAM that it has under the hood of the
very cool is a 1.3 quad-core CPU running
Android 4.2 which is pretty much
completely stock the back is removable
giving you access to the 2000 milliamp
battery which is good for around 6 hours
also it has dual SIM slots along with a
microSD expansion slot there is a 12
megapixel rear camera and a 2 megapixel
front and even though it is a 12
megapixel rear is a lot of the shots
ended up looking blown out and low-light
looked very noisy for the pros and the
cons of the very cool s 505 the first
Pro is price coming in at $200 the
hardware and build quality is pretty
nice for that at that price point it
does have dual SIM so that's another pro
there if you're looking for a GSM phone
and it's fairly slim it's not bulky and
feels good in the hand
the cons it can be a bit sluggish when
opening a more intensive app and the
camera is mediocre and along with the in
two gigabytes of internal memory you're
definitely going to want to make use of
the expandable microSD so is the very
cool a buy try or don't buy
well I'm gonna have to give it a try
despite the name of very cool the s 505
is very mediocre at $200 but you get
what you pay for the performance isn't
as high as you'd expect from the
hardware specs and there are phones in
this segment for a bit more like the 219
dollar motor G with LTE so in the end if
you don't want to spend a lot of money
and you're looking for an unlocked GSM
phone with expandable memory the S 505
has solved build quality and a screen
making it a decent value this has been
Brian Burnett from before you bye see
you next time